{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is a quick walkthrough of the game because we realise that there are many groups and many games that need to be tested and there might not be enough time to legitimately complete all of them.\
\
However we hope that you do test out and explore the game a little bit before you follow this walkthrough.\
\
You start at the Hospital Atrium:\
\
Take the notepad so you can write down the numbers on the notes.\
Use your notepad to write down the 1st number on note1.\
Go east to the canteen where you can take the knife and a tin of beans for restoring health.\
Going east again you have to kill a ghost to enter the dining room.\
In the dining room you will find note2. Write down the number in your notepad again.\
Use beans if you took damage from the ghost. You can take more beans from the dining room.\
Before going back, take the axe and drop your knife. Your inventory can only hold 6 items and the axe is more powerful.\
Go west 3 times to go to Ward 1 (See game map for reference).\
There is a key that unlocks the elevator to the basement, however you will still need a torch to go down there, so there is no need to pick it up at the moment.\
Going west again takes you to the ICU where you have to kill another ghost before proceeding.\
You will find note3, again write the number down. You can take the medicine which restores more health than the beans.\
To your north is the Morgue where you have to face a mutant which deals more damage than a ghost.\
After killing him you get your first game clue, the shoes which will allow you to go up the stairs and another medicine.\
Back from the Atrium you can now go up the stairs to the psychiatric reception.\
You can take a bible and a 2nd crucifix. You these when your sanity level is low so you don\'92t lose the game.\
Going east to long term care you will find the 2nd clue of the game.\
Go west to the isolation rooms where you fill find some water. Use it to slightly restore both your health and sanity.\
Go north to ElectroShock therapy where you will have to face another mutant.\
In this room you can write down the number on note4 and take the torch that you need to go to the basement.\
Keep going south and then down the stairs back to the Atrium.\
To your west in the Ward 1 room you should find the key that you skipped earlier. If you picked it up and dropped it somewhere else then you have to get it. You need it to go down to the basement.\
Once you have both the key and the torch in your inventory you can take the elevator down from the Hospital Atrium to the basement.\
You must kill another mutant and write down the number on note5. You will also find another tin of beans.\
Going east you will have to face another mutant before you can enter the final room of the game, the Disused Morgue.\
In this room you will find the final note6 together with the final clue3 which will allow you to win the game.\
You need to add all the numbers you gathered from all the notes and convert the result into binary. If the number is negative, then the system has automatically chosen a sign and magnitude or two\'92s complement conversion method. You have to try both to see what works.\
The only way out is to go south from the Hospital Atrium (the room you started in). You will be prompted to write the combination and exit the hospital.\
\
Thank you for playing :)}